vinyl_control.rst: clarify opening paragraph (#787)
mixxxdj/manual: source/chapters/vinyl_control.rst

   S.Brandt <s.brandt@mixxx.org>
   Jörg Wartenberg <joerg.wartenberg@mixxx.org>

Digital Vinyl Control functionality allows users to control the playback speed of a track

> in Mixxx using a traditional turntable or DJ controllers that play back recorded media.

Reviewer: shouldn't it be either 
```suggestion
in Mixxx using traditional turntables or DJ controllers that play back recorded media.
```
or
```suggestion
in Mixxx using a traditional turntable or DJ controller that plays back recorded media.
```
